Vulnerability Detector documentation for 3.13 (#2574)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/vuln-detector.rst

provider
^^^^^^^^

> .. note:: (Since 3.13.0) For Linux agents the NVD must be always enabled. Otherwise, the scanner won't work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: (Since 3.13.0) For Linux agents the NVD must be always enabled. Otherwise, the scanner will not work properly.
```
